hi everyone me and Randy are going to be
cooking from my kitchen today and we're
going to be making some fun and
delicious food right gray
yes so let's go ahead and get started
all right
now for the filling I am going to use
pre cooked frozen jumbo shrimp and I am
just going to soak it in cold water
until they are defrosted
and once the shrimp have defrosted we
can go ahead and just strain them in a
colander and once the shrimp are drained
from the colander I'm just going to go
ahead and take the tails off and then
just chop them into rough pieces about a
quarter of an inch thick like this and
once the pieces are chopped we can go
ahead and set them aside
the first thing that we want to do is go
ahead and peel all of the skin off using
a peeler like this and once all of the
skin is removed from your ginger you
want to go ahead and grade it using a
grater just like this and once your
ginger is all graded you can go ahead
and set it aside
and what I want to do is first just cut
about an inch I'll put the top of the
greens like so and then I just want to
cut off the root bases like that now
what I want to do is I'm just going to
cut them into about quarter inch pieces
like this once the onions are cut then
we can set them aside while we prepare
our other ingredients
now the other part of my filling is just
going to be a broccoli slaw mix now this
is broccoli carrots and red cabbage and
it's already pre chopped and it makes it
so much easier to make the filling for
our spring rolls
you
now to the broccoli next I'm just going
to add the peanut oil the grated ginger
the green onions chopped garlic now this
chopped garlic I actually buy in the
grocery store pre-chopped
it actually just saves a lot of time and
preparing your foods but you can use
fresh garlic if you wish just 2
teaspoons of that about a teaspoon of
ground coriander now I'm using this
Moroccan the coriander that I got I
think I got this at world market but I
just want to put about a teaspoon of
that and then a teaspoon of five-spice
powder now five-spice powder you can
usually find at most
oriental grocery stores and sometimes
you might be able to find it in the
ethnic section of your local grocery
store so we just want a teaspoon of this
as well
then we want to add just a little bit of
grated lime rind this is just the zest
of the lime so again I'm just going to
hold this grater over my bowl and just
DES just a little bit of this grated
lime into my broccoli slaw and the last
thing that we want to add is some salt
now I'm using this pink Himalayan salt
that I've actually had gotten and I just
want to add about 1/2 a teaspoon of that
salt and now I'm just going to stir
until everything is mixed up together
and once the broccoli has microwaved for
about one to two minutes and it's become
soft just a little bit you just want to
stir it around again just to mix up the
ingredients and then we want to go ahead
and add in the shrimp and then just
start until the shrimp is combined into
the mixture as well
now to wrap our spring rolls I'm just
going to add about three teaspoons of
cornstarch mixed with a little bit of
water and this is just going to make a
paste so that we can seal our spring
rolls thoroughly
I'm just going to use these um spring
roll wrappers you can usually find them
in the frozen section of most oriental
grocery stores and place the wrappers on
a plate and you just want to take a
little bit of a mixture and kind of put
it in the center but more towards you
like this and you want to make sure to
get some of the shrimp in with the
broccoli and then what we want to do is
we just want to fold this over and then
bring the sides in now sometimes if you
got a little bit too much of the mixture
it will start to poke out just trying to
push it back in then you want to go
ahead and fold the sides in and make
sure they're in there tightly because if
there's any holes you will get spits and
spatters when you go to fry them and
then you just want to slowly roll up
like this and then at the end you want
to take some of that cornstarch mixture
on your finger and just rub it lightly
and then close it to seal and there's
your finished roll and you can go ahead
and place this on a baking sheet and
what we're going to do after that is
we're going to deep fry them
you
it was easy
so once all the spring rolls are wrapped
we can go ahead and heat about two cups
of peanut oil on high and once the oil
is hot about 350 degrees we can go ahead
and add in our rolls and we just want to
let them cook until they are brown
and once they turn golden brown in color
you can go ahead and remove them and
place them on a plate lined with paper
towels
and once they are done cooking then they
are ready to serve
enjoy
you